Optimization v1 (#77)
banzaicloud/logging-operator-docs: docs/operation/optimization.md

---
title: Optimization
weight: 1200
aliases:
    - /docs/logging-operator/optimization/
---

## Watch specific resources

> In a large-scale infrastructure, there can be use-cases when it is required to limit the resources monitored by logging-operator and this way save cpu, memory resources can be saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logging-operator watches resources in all namespaces, which is required because it manages cluster scoped objects and objects in multiple namespaces as well.

However in a large-scale infrastructure, where the number of resources is large it makes sense to limit the scope of resources monitored by the logging-operator to save considerable amount of memory and container restarts.

Previously this wasn't possible, but as of logging-operator version 3.12.0 this is now available using command line arguments passed to the operator.
```

> Yop can use the following loggin-oprtator commandline parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following logging-operator command line parameters:
```

> - `watch-namespace` Namespace to filter the list of watched objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `watch-namespace` Namespace to filter the list of watched objects. Doesn't apply to objects where it is till required to watch in all namespaces, like `Flows` and `Outputs`.
```

> - `watch-logging-name` Logging resource name to optionally filter the list of watched objects based on which logging they belong to by checking the app.kubernetes.io/managed-by label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `watch-logging-name` Logging resource name to optionally filter the list of watched objects based on which logging they belong to by checking the `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by` label.
```
